# multi-beacon-ranging

## What's this

This is a template project autogenerated from Estimote Cloud designed to show how to display
custom content based on the proximity with multiple beacons.

The project has been modified to use CocoaPods.

## Requirements

Basic iOS development environment

- Xcode 8
- CocoaPods 1.2.0
- iPhone
- Estimote beacon

## How to get up and running

Clone the project.

```
git clone https://github.com/CoolestProjects/appathon-ios.git
```

Install EstimoteSDK via CocoaPods.

```
cd appathon-ios/multi-beacon-ranging
pod install
```

Open the project with Xcode. Be sure to open the workspace file.

```
open MultiBeaconRanging82T.xcworkspace
```

Open the _AppDelegate.swift_ file and set the Estimote App Token 

```
...
let estimoteAppToken = "PUT HERE THE APP TOKEN"

func application(_ application: UIApplication, didFinishLaunchingWithOptions launchOptions: [UIApplicationLaunchOptionsKey: Any]?) -> Bool {
...

```

Open the _ViewController.swift_ file and set UUID, major, and minor numbers of your test beacons 

```
...
   beaconIDs: [
      BeaconID(UUIDString: "", major: 123, minor: 123),
      BeaconID(UUIDString: "", major: 123, minor: 123),
      BeaconID(UUIDString: "", major: 123, minor: 123)
   ],
...

```

Please avoid to commit API tokens and other identifiers in the public repo.

## Tips

- The app does not work correcly on the simulator, you need to use a real device

- Our test beacons have been set to low power mode, be sure to increase the power using the Estimote app before start testing

- Proximity estimations are based on received signal strength, and are good to roughly determine if the device is close to or far away from a beacon. Beacons are **not** meant to provide distance estimations!

- Ranging works only when the app is running, and only requires the “when in use” authorization to access Location Services

## Links

- [Estimote iBeacon tutorial - Part 3: Ranging Beacons](http://developer.estimote.com/ibeacon/tutorial/part-3-ranging-beacons/)
